dup        : dup
drop       : drop
swap       : swap
rot        : rot
+          : arithmetic
-          : arithmetic
*          : arithmetic
/mod       : arithmetic
<          : comparison
<=         : comparison
=          : comparison
<>         : comparison
=>         : comparison
>          : comparison
and        : and
or         : or
invert     : invert
!          : store
?          : load
.          : popAndPrint
random     : random
health     : health
healthLeft : healthLeft
moves      : moves
movesLeft  : movesLeft
attack     : attack
range      : range
team       : team
type       : type
turn!      : turn
move!      : move
shoot!     : shoot
check!     : check
scan!      : scan
identify!  : identify
send!      : send
mesg?      : mesg
recv!      : recv
leave      : leave
I          : iterator
until      : until
loop       : loopEnd
do         : countedLoop
begin      : guardedLoop
if         : ifCondition
else       : elseCondition
then       : doNothing